This assignment was the semester project for the Databases class. As a team of 4, we developed a web application for the Utah Animal Adoption Clinic (UAAC). One of the team members was a volunteer with the UAAC and she developed the plan for the application. At the time (and perhaps currently), the UAAC did not use a computer application to keep track of their animals: they stored paper in boxes and if a volunteer needed to find information about a certain animal, that volunteer would need to ask an employee. The goal of our project was to develop a web application that would keep track of the information for all the animals in one easy-to-use website.

We did not supply our project to the UAAC, but a goal of mine is to contact the UAAC and ask them what they would like in a database application. We have the foundation to make them a good product, and it would be great experience to make an application that an organization uses.

This project addresses the Computer Science learning goal **To acquire significant project experience working both individually and in a group setting** and **To understand the concepts and techniques of software design** because I was a member of a 4-person team and we had to develop a web application from the ground-up, using a language and framework that we had little experience with.	This project also addresses the college-wide learning goals **Creativity**, **Collaboration**, **Communication**, and **Global Responsibility**.

Here is the link to the GitHub repo: https://github.com/aidanpirish/UAAC_DB
